=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

colobot - educational programming strategy game

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<colobot> 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Colobot (Colonize with Bots) is an educational game aiming to teach
programming through entertainment. You are playing as an astronaut on a
journey with robot helpers to find a planet for colonization. It features 3D
real-time graphics and a C++ and Java-like, object-oriented language, CBOT,
which can be used to program the robots available in the game.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-help>

Display a short help text

=item B<-resolution> I<WxH>

Set runtime screen resolution

=item B<-graphics> I<default>|I<auto>|I<opengl>|I<gl14>|I<gl21>|I<gl33>

Changes graphics device

=item B<-glversion> I<default>|I<#.#>

Sets OpenGL context version to use.

=item B<-glprofile> I<default>|I<core>|I<compatibility>|I<opengles>

Sets OpenGL context profile to use.

=back

=head1 RUNTIME PATH OVERRIDES

=over 8

=item B<-langdir> F</path/to/lang/>

Set custom language directory path

=item B<-datadir> F</path/to/data/>

Set custom data directory path

=item B<-savedir> F</path/to/save/>

Set custom save directory path (must be writable)

=item B<-mod> F</path/to/mods/>

Set datadir mod path

=back

=head1 DEBUG OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<-loglevel> I<trace>|I<debug>|I<info>|I<warn>|I<error>|I<none>.

Set log level. 

=item B<-debug> I<all>|I<event>|I<models>|...

Enable debug mode (more info printed in logs). Possible values are as follows, as well as any comma-separated combination

=over 10

=item sys_events

System events

=item update_events

Update events

=item app_events

Application events

=item events

All above events

=item models

Models-related debugging

=item all

All above debugging statements

=back

=item B<-headless>

Run in headless mode - disables graphics, sound and user interaction

=item B<-runscene> I<scenecodename>

Run given scene on start (skip menus)

=item B<-scenetest>

Win every mission right after it's loaded

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

=over 6

=item LC_MESSAGES

Used to determine the runtime language.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

This manpage was written by Didier Raboud <S<odyx@debian.org>>.

